LSM and VSR glossary updates (#631)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: src/lsm/README.md

- _bar_/_measure_: `lsm_batch_multiple` beats; unit of incremental compaction.
- _beat_: `op % lsm_batch_multiple`; Single step of an incremental compaction.

> - _groove_: a collection of LSM trees for an object: one tree for the object and one tree for each field on the object (so that every field on the object is indexed). If an object has two fields, the groove will produce three trees.

Reviewer: I would revert this change. Not all fields are necessarily indexed, and there can be indexes that don't directly correspond to fields. (Though we do not use this latter feature yet).

Author: Done! Thanks

- _immutable table_: in-memory table; one per tree. Used to periodically flush the mutable table to
  disk.

> - _level_: a collection of immutable tables, numbering between `0` and `config.lsm_levels - 1` (usually `config.lsm_levels = 7`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _level_: a collection of on-disk tables, numbering between `0` and `config.lsm_levels - 1` (usually `config.lsm_levels = 7`).
```
To differentiate from the "immutable table", which is not part of a level.

- _forest_: a collection of grooves.
- _manifest_: index of table and level metadata; one per tree.

> - _mutable table_: in-memory table; one per tree. All tree updates (i.e. `Tree.put`) directly modify just this table.

Reviewer: Nit, since other methods can update the table too.

```suggestion
- _mutable table_: in-memory table; one per tree. All tree updates (e.g. `Tree.put`) directly modify just this table.
```
